[DX-1388] Update docs for kv body transforms env vars (#4819)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-configuration-reference/kv-store.md

{{< note success >}}
**Note** 

> Prior to Tyk Gateway v5.3.0, **environment variables** to be used for Target URL or Listen Path had to be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}` and would then be referred to using `env://{KEY_NAME}`, i.e. the `TYK_SECRET_` part would not be included in the API definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Tyk Gateway v5.3.0, **environment variables** used for the Target URL or Listen Path had to be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}`. They were referred to in the API definition using `env://{KEY_NAME}` excluding the `TYK_SECRET_` prefix.
```

> Prior to Tyk Gateway v5.3.0, <b>environment variables</b> to be used for Target URL or Listen Path had to be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}` and would then be referred to using `env://{KEY_NAME}`, i.e. the `TYK_SECRET_` part would not be included in the API definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prior to Tyk Gateway v5.3.0, **environment variables** to be used for Target URL or Listen Path had to be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}` and would then be referred to using `env://{KEY_NAME}`, i.e. the `TYK_SECRET_` part would not be included in the API definition.
```

<br><br>

> From v5.3.0 onward, the environment variables can be given any `KEY_NAME` name and the full name should be provided in the API definition reference. The pre-5.3.0 naming method is still supported for backward compatibility, just for these two fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From v5.3.0 onward, environment variables can have any `KEY_NAME`, and the full name should be provided in the API definition reference. The pre-v5.3.0 naming convention is still supported for backward compatibility, but only for these two fields.

```

##### Using environment variables with transformation middleware

There are some subtleties with the use of environment variables as KV storage for the transformation middleware.

- **Request and Response Body Transforms** support only the `$secret_env.{KEY_NAME}` format.
- **Request and Response Header Transforms** support both `env://{KEY_NAME}` and `$secret_env.{KEY_NAME}` formats.
- **URL Rewrite** supports the `env://{KEY_NAME}` format for both the `pattern` and `rewriteTo` fields. The `rewriteTo` field also supports `$secret_env.{KEY_NAME}` format.

{{< note success >}}
**Notes**  

Due to the way that Tyk Gateway processes the API definition, when you use transformation middleware with the `$secret_env` format, it expects the environment variable to be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}` and to be referenced from the API definition using `$secret_env.{KEY_NAME}`.
<br><br>
For example, if you create a Gateway environment variable `TYK_SECRET_NEW_UPSTREAM=http://new.upstream.com`, then in a request body transform middleware, you would reference it as follows:

```json
{
  "custom_url": "$secret_env.NEW_UPSTREAM"
}
```

> whilst to configure the URL rewrite `rewriteTo` field using this variable you could use either:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the URL rewrite `rewriteTo` field using this variable you could use either:
```

These references are read (and replaced with the values read from the KV location) during the processing of the API request or response.

{{< note success >}}
**Note** 

> Environment variables to be used for transformation middleware should be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}` and should then be referenced using `$secret_env.{KEY_NAME}`, i.e. the `TYK_SECRET_` part should not be included.

Reviewer 2: Environment variables to be used for transformation middleware should be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}` and should then be referenced using `$secret_env.{KEY_NAME}`, i.e. the `TYK_SECRET_` prefix should not be included.

{{< /note >}}

> For example, if you create a gateway environment variable `TYK_SECRET_MYSECRETKEY=12345-6789`, in a request body transform middleware, you would reference as follows ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you create a gateway environment variable `TYK_SECRET_MYSECRETKEY=12345-6789`, in a request body transform middleware, you would reference as follows:

```

These references are read (and replaced with the values read from the KV location) during the processing of the API request or response.

{{< note success >}}
**Note** 

Environment variables to be used for transformation middleware should be named `TYK_SECRET_{KEY_NAME}` and should then be referenced using `$secret_env.{KEY_NAME}`, i.e. the `TYK_SECRET_` prefix should not be included.
{{< /note >}}

> For example, if you create a gateway environment variable `TYK_SECRET_MYSECRETKEY=12345-6789`, in a request body transform middleware, you would reference as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you create a Gateway environment variable `TYK_SECRET_MYSECRETKEY=12345-6789`, in a request body transform middleware, you would reference as follows:
```

> For example, if you create a Gateway environment variable `TYK_SECRET_MYSECRETKEY=12345-6789`, in a request body transform middleware, you would reference as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you create a Gateway environment variable `TYK_SECRET_MYSECRETKEY=12345-6789`, in a request body transform middleware, you would reference it as follows:
```
